angular js is jsgraw helps t obind   html ui and js object . nothing but bindingframework 
ajs vers is 1.x and 2.  1 is most matured 
rc is release candidate used in production 
core angu  goal is for binding
 jquery main goal is javascript simple
ng syntax  is from angular 
in angular hyphen is because of not collide with the html . in html tags there is no hyphen tags.

to bind function class and div id ui
for that we create new object 
instead of that use ng-controller it internally create object to bind the customer with CustScreen.
to bind the properties we use ng-model
angular had a readymade service called  $scope 
noo need to declare
this instead using $scope using as parameter in function 
wenever $scope is used in function parameter is dependency injected by the angular framework .
whatever we used as $ called as ready made services of angular dependent injection and also we cannot create object for that  .angular create them automatically and just reference like this and angular will do the dependency injection 


MVC 
 view is overall view of the websites with seeing menus ,headers like wise
model is data provider to view model does not provide data directly through controller
controller is process of which data to which view 

CSS Selector

element,id,class,Universal,Group selectors
  p{}    #p{} .centre{} *{}   p,center,h1{}

CSS Box Model

Margin,border,padding,content
margin Clears outside  the border area . This is transparent.
It is around padding and content.
padding is around the content . it is transparent
content is which contains texts and images.

bootsrap concepts

It is a free front end framework for easier and faster web development.
it is abilty to give create easy responsive designs

Bootstraps Grid System
there are 12 columns
1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
4,4,4
4,8
6,6,
12

it has four classes

xs-phones
sm-tablets
md-desktops
lg-larger desktops

angular js css classes

ng-valid
ng-invalid
ng-pristine
ng-dirty
ng-touched
ng-untouched

AJAX

It is Asynchronous Javascript and XML
It is faster , interactive web applications
Language Independent combine with any other languages .

Http service
to get request from the server and returns a response.

Ther are various shortcut methods for http services
.get(),.delete(), .head(), .jsonp(), .patch(), .post(), .put().

properties
.config, .data, .headers, .status, .statusText
